Add core-management-cliplugins and standalone-cliplugins packages (#1051)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework: management-packages/core-management-cliplugins/README.md

# core-management-cliplugins Package

> This package provides CLIPlugin CRD and default resources needed for Tanzu CLI to understand CLIPlugin resources. This is a required package that needs to be installed on each management-cluster so that tanzu CLI can understand the available plugins while talking to the cluster.

Reviewer: **nitpick**
```suggestion
This package provides the `CLIPlugin` CRD and default resources needed for the Tanzu CLI to understand `CLIPlugin` resources. This is a required package that needs to be installed on each management cluster so that the Tanzu CLI can understand the recommended set of plugins to use when talking to the cluster.
```

## Components

* CLIPlugin CRD

> * Required CLIPlugin resources for `cluster`, `kubernetes-release`, `secret` plugins etc.

Reviewer: **nitpick**
```suggestion
* Required CLIPlugin resources for `cluster`, `kubernetes-release`, `secret` plugins, etc.
```
